README.md, before:

# Components/Plugins for Blazor

Blazor UI is a lightweight, extensible, open-source and cross-platform component library for building modern applications built on top of [Blazor](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/apps/aspnet/web-apps/blazor), [Reactive Extensions for .NET](https://github.com/dotnet/reactive) and CSS frameworks like [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/), [Bulma](https://bulma.io/) and Material. It is created to provide an optimized development framework for apps that are built in Blazor. It consists of modular components with minimal overhead, so you retain flexibility while constructing your solutions.

## Resources

- Dev Build [![Arinsys.Components.AspNetCore package in public feed in Azure Artifacts](https://feeds.dev.azure.com/arinsys/b06546a9-49eb-44a3-97a8-519ec7ab2744/_apis/public/Packaging/Feeds/6372e361-3831-4524-b594-0af8130c0d7c/Packages/a089d9f3-2d3d-4059-8658-8f402b8b7c69/Badge)](https://dev.azure.com/arinsys/public/_packaging?_a=package&feed=6372e361-3831-4524-b594-0af8130c0d7c&package=a089d9f3-2d3d-4059-8658-8f402b8b7c69&preferRelease=true)

- Bootstrap Demo(Coming Soon)
- Material Demo(Coming Soon)
- Bulma Demo(Coming Soon)

```
Note: This project is still in initial stages so it's possible that some components will be removed or refactored.
```

## Prerequisites

Before you continue please make sure you have upgraded your project for the latest version of [Blazor](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/apps/aspnet/web-apps/client).

## Get Started

Follow the Getting Started(Coming Soon) instructions in the docs(Coming Soon).

Also check out the Blazor UI Homepage(Coming Soon) for released versions of Blazor UI, getting started guides, and learning resources.

## How to Engage, Contribute, and Give Feedback

Some of the best ways to contribute are to try things out, file issues, join in design conversations,
and make pull-requests.

- Check out the [contributing](./docs/Contribution-Guidelines) page to see the best places to log issues and start discussions.
- [Roadmap](./docs/Roadmap): The schedule and milestone themes for Blazor UI.
<!-- - [Download our latest dev builds](./docs/DailyBuilds.md) -->

<!--
* Follow along with the development of Blazor UI:
    * [Community Standup](Coming Soon): The community standup is held every week and streamed live to YouTube. You can view past standups in the linked playlist.
* [Build Blazor UI source code](./docs/BuildFromSource.md)
-->

<!--
## Reporting security issues and bugs

Security issues and bugs should be reported privately, via email, to the Arinsys Security Response Center (ASRC)  secure@arinsyscorp.com. You should receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message.

## Related projects

These are some other repos for related projects:

* [Core](Coming Soon) - core libraries used in all our projects
* [Essentials](Coming Soon) - Logging, configuration, dependency injection, and more.

## Code of conduct

This project has adopted the [Arinsys Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.arinsyscorp.com/codeofconduct/).  For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.arinsyscorp.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@arinsyscorp.com](mailto:opencode@arinsyscorp.com) with any additional questions or comments.

-->

Commit message:

update readme links to docs pages and sponsorship details

README.md, after:

# Components/Plugins for Blazor

Blazor UI is a lightweight, extensible, open-source and cross-platform component library for building modern applications built on top of [Blazor](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/apps/aspnet/web-apps/blazor), [Reactive Extensions for .NET](https://github.com/dotnet/reactive) and CSS frameworks like [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/), [Bulma](https://bulma.io/) and Material. It is created to provide an optimized development framework for apps that are built in Blazor. It consists of modular components with minimal overhead, so you retain flexibility while constructing your solutions.

## Resources

- Dev Build [![Arinsys.Components.AspNetCore package in public feed in Azure Artifacts](https://feeds.dev.azure.com/arinsys/b06546a9-49eb-44a3-97a8-519ec7ab2744/_apis/public/Packaging/Feeds/6372e361-3831-4524-b594-0af8130c0d7c/Packages/a089d9f3-2d3d-4059-8658-8f402b8b7c69/Badge)](https://dev.azure.com/arinsys/public/_packaging?_a=package&feed=6372e361-3831-4524-b594-0af8130c0d7c&package=a089d9f3-2d3d-4059-8658-8f402b8b7c69&preferRelease=true)

- Bootstrap Demo(Coming Soon)
- Material Demo(Coming Soon)
- Bulma Demo(Coming Soon)

```
Note: This project is still in initial stages so it's possible that some components will be removed or refactored.
```

## Prerequisites

Before you continue please make sure you have upgraded your project for the latest version of [Blazor](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/apps/aspnet/web-apps/client).

## Get Started

Follow the Getting Started(Coming Soon) instructions in the docs(Coming Soon).

Also check out the Blazor UI Homepage(Coming Soon) for released versions of Blazor UI, getting started guides, and learning resources.

## How to Engage, Contribute, and Give Feedback

Some of the best ways to contribute are to try things out, file issues, join in design conversations,
and make pull-requests.

- Check out the [contributing](https://abhisheksiddhu.github.io/blazor-ui/contribution-guidelines) page to see the best places to log issues and start discussions.
- [Roadmap](https://abhisheksiddhu.github.io/blazor-ui/roadmap): The schedule and milestone themes for Blazor UI.
- If you are comparatively new to creating generic Blazor components, considering contributing to docs instead.
- If you can't or don't want to contribute via docs/code consider supporting the project either via one time donations on [Paypal](https://www.paypal.me/abhisheksiddhu) or recurring sponsorship on [Patreon](https://patreon.com/abhisheksiddhu)
<!-- - [Download our latest dev builds](./docs/DailyBuilds.md) -->

<!--
* Follow along with the development of Blazor UI:
    * [Community Standup](Coming Soon): The community standup is held every week and streamed live to YouTube. You can view past standups in the linked playlist.
* [Build Blazor UI source code](./docs/BuildFromSource.md)
-->

<!--
## Reporting security issues and bugs

Security issues and bugs should be reported privately, via email, to the Arinsys Security Response Center (ASRC)  secure@arinsyscorp.com. You should receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message.

## Related projects

These are some other repos for related projects:

* [Core](Coming Soon) - core libraries used in all our projects
* [Essentials](Coming Soon) - Logging, configuration, dependency injection, and more.

## Code of conduct

This project has adopted the [Arinsys Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.arinsyscorp.com/codeofconduct/).  For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.arinsyscorp.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@arinsyscorp.com](mailto:opencode@arinsyscorp.com) with any additional questions or comments.

-->
